docs: new screenshots for langs (#20149)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/codegen-intro.md

Playwright comes with the ability to generate tests out of the box and is a great way to quickly get started with testing. It will open two windows, a browser window where you interact with the website you wish to test and the Playwright Inspector window where you can record your tests, copy the tests, clear your tests as well as change the language of your tests.

<video width="100%" height="100%" controls muted >
  <source src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/197979804-c4fa3347-8fab-4526-a728-c1b2fbd079b4.mp4" type="video/mp4" />
  Your browser does not support the video tag.

> </video>

Author: it seems to work just fine, perhaps it was down that particular moment you tried it

pwsh bin/Debug/netX/playwright.ps1 codegen demo.playwright.dev/todomvc
```

### Recording a test
* langs: js

> Run `codegen` and perform actions in the browser. Playwright will generate the code for the user interactions. `Codegen` will look at your page and figure out the best locator, prioritizing role, text and test id locators. If the generator finds multiple elements matching the locator, it will improve the locator to make it resilient and uniquely identify the target element, so you don't have to worry about failing tests due to locators.

Reviewer: Worth changing `best locator` to 'recommended locator'. also some minor sentence suggestions.

Also: `so you don't have to worry about failing tests due to locators`  could change to 'therefore eliminating test/s failure and flakiness due to locators

```suggestion
Run `codegen` and perform actions in the browser. Playwright will generate the code for the user interactions. `Codegen` will look at the rendered page and figure out the recommended locator, prioritizing role, text and test id locators. If the generator identifies multiple elements matching the locator, it will improve the locator to make it resilient and uniquely identify the target element, therefore eliminating and reducing test/s failing and flaking due to locators
```

To learn more about generating tests check out or detailed guide on [Codegen](./codegen.md).
### Recording a test
* langs: python

Run `codegen` and perform actions in the browser. Playwright will generate the code for the user interactions. `Codegen` will look at your page and figure out the best locator, prioritizing role, text and test id locators. If the generator finds multiple elements matching the locator, it will improve the locator to make it resilient and uniquely identify the target element, so you don't have to worry about failing tests due to locators.

<img width="1365" alt="Recording a test" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13063165/212751993-b7da2c40-a7cc-4b13-9a91-40ee837042a1.png" />

When you have finished interacting with the page, press the **record** button to stop the recording and use the **copy** button to copy the generated code to your editor.

Use the **clear** button to clear the code to start recording again. Once finished close the Playwright inspector window or stop the terminal command.

To learn more about generating tests check out or detailed guide on [Codegen](./codegen.md).
### Recording a test
* langs: csharp

> Run `codegen` and perform actions in the browser. Playwright will generate the code for the user interactions. `Codegen` will look at your page and figure out the best locator, prioritizing role, text and test id locators. If the generator finds multiple elements matching the locator, it will improve the locator to make it resilient and uniquely identify the target element, so you don't have to worry about failing tests due to locators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `codegen` and perform actions in the browser. Playwright will generate the code for the user interactions. `Codegen` will look at the rendered page and figure out the recommended locator, prioritizing role, text and test id locators. If the generator identifies multiple elements matching the locator, it will improve the locator to make it resilient and uniquely identify the target element, therefore eliminating and reducing test/s failing and flaking due to locators
```
